# UNIT 2
## System specifications
### ex 2
1. external drive           storage, peripherals
2. hard disk drive          storage, internaal componenets
3. headphones               peripherals
4. optical drive            storage, peripherals
5. keyboard                 peripherals
6. solid state disk         storage, internal component
7. mouse                    peripheral
8. memory                   storage, internal component
9. monitor                  peripheral
10. power supply unit       internal component
11. printer                 peripheral
12. screen                  peripheral

### ex 2
1. audio socket             E
2. CPU socket               A
3. DIMM slot                B
4. Ethernet connector       F
5. graphics card socket     D
6. SATA socket              C
7. USB port                 G

### ex 4
1. 1,000,000,000,000        tera-
2. 1,000,000,000            giga-
3. 1,000,000                mega-
4. 1,000                    kilo-
5. 0.000 000 001            nano-
6. 0.000 001                micro-
7. 0.001                    mili-
8. 4                        quad-
9. 2                        dual-

## GUI operations
### ex 2
1. scroll bar               A
2. menu                     L
3. `Minimize` button        F
4. `Maximise` button        G
5. title bar                B
6. icon                     K
7. folder                   J
8. filename                 C
9. left-hand pane           I
10. tab                     E
11. check box               D
12. radio button            H

### ex 3
1. Double click on the title bar        and the window fills the screen.
2. Click on the menu                    to open it.
3. Right-click on an icon               to open a new menu.
4. Slide the scrollbar down             to scroll the window down.
5. Click the 'Minimise' button          to hide the window.
6. Drag the title bar                   if you want to move the window.
7. Select the icon                      and its background changes colour.

### ex 5
1. Can you scroll up to the top?
2. Just select 'Manage'.
3. Just right-click where it says 'Disk 0'.
4. Chool 'Properties' from the menu.
5. Choose the 'Details' tab.
6. Select 'Install date'.

## Multimedia hardware
## ex 2
1. speakers
2. projector
3. headphones
4. virtual reality goggles
5. microphone
6. video camera
7. webcam

## ex 5
1. cable                connector
2. plug (into)          connect
3. insert               put (into)
4. power socket         electricity socket
5. turn on              switch on
6. press                push
7. unplug               disconnect
8. switch off           turn off

## Operating systems
### ex 1
1. Before you start, back up everything.
2. Fist, put the installation DVD into the optical drive. Then reboot the computer while you press the 'F2' key. The BIOS will now start.
3. In the BIOS, set the first boot drive to DVD. Then reboot again.
4. This time, the computer will boot from the DVD and installation will begin.
5. Near the start of the process, it will ask you to agree to the licence terms.
6. During the process, the computer will restart by itself several times.
7. Near the end of the process, you can partition the hard drives.
8. At the end of the process, the operating system will ask for the product key, time, date, network type and details for user accounts.

### ex 2
1. start your life again, it's never too late...


