Gorąca Ania: 500 176 437

They have given the twins a kitten for their birthday.
The twins have been given a kitten
A kitten has been given to the twins

We will send you an invoice after we have delivered the final cosignment of goods.
You will be sent an invoice

1. PC - b)                  J
2. desktop - d)             F
3. laptop - j)              E
4. netbook - i)             H
5. PDA - h)                 C
6. workstation - g)         G
7. server - a)              B
8. mainframe - c)           D
9. supercomputer - f)       I
10. wearable computer - e)  A

ROM     Read Only Memory
AGP     Accelerated Graphics Port
PSU     Power Supply Unit
SSD     Solid State Drive
SATA    Serial ATA (Advanced Technology Attachment)
HDD     Hard Disk Drive
OS      Operating System
CPU     Central Processing Unit

1. power supply unit
2. power cables
3. fan
4. cpu
5. RAM
6. sound card
7. Motherboard
8. battery
9. case
10. floppy disk drive
11. hdd
12. cd

D.
2. The mouse cursor helps the user access or navigate to different points on
3. for on in to
4. of on
5. for
6. for at

E.
1. output peripheral
2. drive bay
3. power cord               kabel zasilający
4. volatile memory
5. actuator arm             ramię głowicy
6. circuit board
7. head crash               uszkodzenie głowicy
8. operating system
9. CPU socket
10. network card

F. 
1. Data on the hard drive is stored in track in pie-shaped sectors that are placed on a circular platter.
2. You will not lose the content of ROM even if a power outage occure, but in case of RAM, disconnection from power supply causes data lose.
3. Circuits that look like a network of copper and connect different elements on motherboard together, are named 
4. Southbridge is a chip that is used for comunication with input/output peripherals.
5. We have to use to the fact, that computers becommes smaller



